# LocalUserProperties


## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**permissionScopes** | [**Vector{PermissionScope}**](PermissionScope.md) | The permission scopes of the local user. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**homeDirectory** | **String** | Optional, local user home directory. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**sshAuthorizedKeys** | [**Vector{SshPublicKey}**](SshPublicKey.md) | Optional, local user ssh authorized keys for SFTP. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**sid** | **String** | A unique Security Identifier that is generated by the server. | [optional] [readonly] [default to nothing]
**hasSharedKey** | **Bool** | Indicates whether shared key exists. Set it to false to remove existing shared key. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**hasSshKey** | **Bool** | Indicates whether ssh key exists. Set it to false to remove existing SSH key. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**hasSshPassword** | **Bool** | Indicates whether ssh password exists. Set it to false to remove existing SSH password. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**userId** | **Int64** | A unique Identifier that is generated by the server. | [optional] [readonly] [default to nothing]
**groupId** | **Int64** | An identifier for associating a group of users. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**allowAclAuthorization** | **Bool** | Indicates whether ACL authorization is allowed for this user. Set it to false to disallow using ACL authorization. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**extendedGroups** | **Vector{Int64}** | Supplementary group membership. Only applicable for local users enabled for NFSv3 access. | [optional] [default to nothing]
**isNFSv3Enabled** | **Bool** | Indicates if the local user is enabled for access with NFSv3 protocol. | [optional] [default to nothing]


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


